[Music]
want free cash well your wishes may come
true governments around the world are
beginning to beta test a new welfare
state where daddy government pays you
every single month regardless if you
work or not a guaranteed salary just for
being you the question remains who is
paying for all of this nonstop flow of
money you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you let's talk about
this what are the
possibilities for what the world may
look like 10 years or so down the road
now there could be a war taking place
there could be an economic collapse
leaving Mass poverty around the
world or potentially things could drag
on and we could have a Decay an erosion
ion of the Society of the
economy of everything that we've been
seeing and if we could for this purposes
of this video leave out the war
scenario and let's call this the best
case scenario a lot of people have asked
what do you think is going to happen
well this is what I do see happening in
many areas because the B data tests have
already taken place let's get to it
right now and of course I don't think
that this will be 100% guarantee this is
one possibility so go with me for a
moment Finland has started a radical
experiment it's giving 2,000 citizens a
guaranteed income with funds that keep
flowing whether participants work or not
they aren't the first to do this they
aren't definitely the only people in to
beta test this stay tuned I'll show you
all the different areas around the world
seems to be the new in thing the program
which kicks off this month is one of the
first efforts to test a
universal
basic income okay participants will
receive $587 a month it's guaranteed
regardless of income wealth or
employment status okay that's what you
need to know basically no matter what
everybody gets a $600 check every single
month that's not that
much I mean you can't probably afford a
rent in a half decent area you're not
going to be able to you know do a lot
this is the basic minimum income okay
the idea is that a universal income
offers workers greater security
especially as technological remember I
said this Technologic iCal advances
reduce the need for human labor it will
also allow unemployed people to pick up
odd jobs without losing their
benefits this is very important Finland
is testing this out now and I do believe
that they will consider it a
success
because as I said this has been beta
tested before hang in for one moment
here I'll get to that the Netherlands
upcoming Money for Nothing experiment
next year 250 residents and a few
surrounding cities in addition to this
area slated to participate in a
government program testing out a
universal basic income so there we have
the Netherlands also taking place let's
go here back in the 70s a small Manitoba
city they're selected to be uh subjects
in a project that ensured a basic annual
income for
everyone hey how does it work look at
this for 5 years poverty completely
eliminated they say that's right they
were actually able to eliminate poverty
as a result of what they had done
whether that is true or not let's just
get to the
nitty-gritty who
pays for all of this handout
that that is being delivered to people
every single month well it's the
citizens who are
working so there you go destroy the
middle class that's a great thing to
do all right let's go to Saudi Arabia
everyone loves Saudi Arabia wonderful
government there depending on what
income category Saudi citizens lie in a
monthly payment of 1,200 to 600 Saudi R
will be given by the government and then
it goes into the different uh you know
depending on which category you are in
okay they're they have
a guaranteed
income and that is a very recent
information in fact from
December simply giving everyone money
guaranteed income no no matter what
you're going to get some but there are
different stipulations on you know how
you'll get uh certain uh
amounts moving on Ontario to test
guaranteed income program amid warnings
about the cost and Effectiveness so here
we are in Canada giving it a try and
then this individual here it's not a CBC
we're talking about I believe this might
be the article talking about um area in
eastern Ontario this um government
individual here he said
this they're going to recommend the
province giving individuals
$1,320 a month $1,300 that's not you
know the 600 or less that we saw
previously and if you uh have some sort
of disability you could have up to $500
in addition to that so $1,800
$1,300 is a lot of money it's a big jump
from
$600 still I mean $1,300 a month isn't
going to uh be able to get you much
because rents are so expensive and
everything else but you can get by
probably on on $1,300 I'm sure you just
have to budget wisely that's a lot of
money to Bear the burden of you know a
lot of taxpayers
need to dish out
$1,300 for all these individuals I don't
see how they are ever going to pay for
it considering the fact that they're
already in so much debt then you had the
issue not that long ago Swiss voters on
Sunday overwhelmingly rejected a
proposal to guarantee an income to
Switzerland's residents whether or not
they are employed the idea has also been
raised in other countries amid
intensifying debate over wealth
disparities and dwindling employment
opportunities and this is a huge number
I'm surprised they went all the way out
give a plan of a monthly income of
$2500 to each
adult I mean that's a massive amount of
course it's a much more expensive
country than most but still $2,500 seems
to be a very expensive amount again even
more of a burden on people
what am I getting
at foxcon replaces 60,000 Factory
workers with robots look let's face it
in the near future most jobs starting
with a slow
trickle then
snowballing
completely to overtake many many jobs
and it's not just Factory workers as it
is in this case
we're talking about as many jobs as they
can you see the robo advisors
eliminating the need for all of these
financial advisors and if you look
actually it's not
smalltime clients these ones are looking
for in fact it is you know fairly large
clients that will be using these Robo
advisors and I mean fairly large in the
sense that those individuals who would
be investing in mutual funds all right
so I mean why do you need a financial
advisor if all they're doing is clicking
the buttons for you it just says high
risk low risk medium risk um what age
are you right now what age do you intend
on
retiring um what is your current job so
they try to you know your salary all
this stuff so they try to give you you
know some basic questions to then um be
able to decide what funds to put your
savings
into so why do you even need a person
there to ask the questions when they
could simply do that on a computer
screen you can click click click
yourself and have that basically uh all
be invested through their own portal
this is what's happening robo visors
there we're looking at robots being uh
used as greeters you know there's a lot
of people being paid uh in that regard
you can just have Robots coming in and
they would have a little directory a
little screen there if you wanted to
speak to somebody if you wanted to
perhaps make a phone call if you wanted
some information maybe they have a web
browser built in there there would be
any way uh you know any bit of
information that you would need that you
would ask an individual why ask an
individual when you could just touch a
few buttons maybe it has 20 different
languages now it has an advantage over
that person who maybe they know only one
language or maybe even two or three now
this machine it knows 20 different
languages so you just got outplayed
there this is what's happening I believe
that our jobs are being completely
eliminated and then we have this Alberta
puts 15 hour minimum wage in the
regulations for 2018 we saw this
happening in the US as well raising the
minimum wage there are you know it's a
double-edged sword I'm not going to deny
that that individuals are struggling
with the amount they get paid the amount
they have to pay in taxes with um all of
the expenditures that people are facing
at this time so ultimately what happens
is they try to increase instead of lower
the amount of taxes that people pay
instead of getting rid of all that those
burdens because you can't do that of
course you then try to increase the
minimum wage well what if you're an
employer okay you're a small business
you have four employees they get paid
minimum wage that's all you can afford
okay you have these few
employees all of a sudden you need to
pay each of them $3 more than you did
well truth of the matter is one of the
got to go and that's just the way it is
look at what happened with Obamacare as
soon as individual businesses needed to
start uh paying out on Obamacare a lot
of them and and many who contacted me
over the years soon as Obamacare went in
they had to get rid of people they were
either the people that contacted me was
either a victim of it that their
employer did this to them or that they
were the actual employer saying I had to
then start giving them reduced hours so
that they wouldn't pay out the Obamacare
they wouldn't have to pay out or simply
that they have to get rid of them I mean
it's sad it's sad to see the way that
things are done when it could be managed
so much better it could be done
better okay and then this right here
another issue I talked about it in my
first book actually um it's hard to see
with the font it's quite small I'll just
pull out the highlighter I'll make this
quick we're looking at agricultural
rates the um very left side of course is
the country this right here was 1984 I
believe and this right here is closer to
uh present day I think maybe let's say
uh 2014 or so it's some more recent
numbers just to show you a little bit of
trend um over the past we'll say 10
years or something 10 or 20 years in
fact this is the United States
agriculture rates
are extremely low nobody Works in
agriculture these days and then you have
uh these Agri businesses you have the
um machines mechanics U reducing the
need uh for human employment this shows
you that at 2% I mean it's it's
basically insignificant okay nobody's
working in
the the uh rural communities the
agricultural
sector then you move down here I wanted
to also not one thing East Asia and
Pacific where you used to have 45% and
in a very very short period of time you
look at that
10% I mean people are rapidly moving
away from the rural areas into the major
cities and you are getting this uh
happening rapidly very
fast ultimately What's Happening Here is
that individuals are not prepared that's
what I'm trying to get at
you had a lot of people who had their
own land that they were able to fend for
themselves as times got tough today they
don't have that so when the government
does this whole guaranteed income type
scenario they are going to have a lot of
takers I assure you because people are
going to suffer there's going to be no
jobs available so the government daddy
government's going to be there to pay
you money as long as you stay obedient
and as long as you beg and plead and get
on your
knees you will be able to live a great
life that's right that's right they want
you to live a great
life but what if you're sort of not
liking the plans of the
government well they've got some plans
for you this is the G20 in Toronto a few
years ago
this is what
happens when people rise
up they will crush your
skulls individuals here some of these
individuals that were kettled in here
couldn't leave it started raining
started
pouring they were stuck there and one by
one by one they were literally
kidnapped by unmarked
individuals thrown into unmarked Vans
and brought to a detention
center and the conditions were of course
brutal this here is a crime as far as
I'm considered but they got away with it
why because there were a few
people amongst all these individuals who
were truly causing a
problem they were going and smashing
cars they were smashing windows and
everything else those
individuals probably
productors
were causing all of the rest of the
people who they knew were
innocent they couldn't let they could
have just let people go one at a time
sort of off to the side
pretending until they went through and
sort of weeded out the troublemakers no
no no no no that's not what they did
anyway they crushed people's skulls they
literally ran them over with horses they
waited for them to sing the O Canada as
soon as they finished they literally
trampled on top of them I mean these are
crimes this is what I'm trying to say
you have no way out if you live in the
metropolitan areas the big cities
they're going to crush your skulls if
you do not abide by their Rules by their
programs if you feel the strain look at
Venezuela right now they're hurting and
what happens military on the streets the
military takes over the Food Supplies
military takes over everything they take
over the government well you have
militarized police in this case you can
have military on the streets it doesn't
matter ultimately military is worse I
believe uh because they are used to
killing people foreign armies and such
but here it is the militarized police
they show you they'll show you what
they're willing to do no problem at all
and anyway this is the uh the truth
about what's going to happen I do
believe this is this is one way this is
one path there there's a whole bunch of
different uh plans that I've worked out
of my head and I do believe that this is
just just one of many possibilities for
the future stay tuned because I will
bring out different ways and we could
all just think about them in the
meantime we're going to have to prepare
regardless we're going to make our
preparations we're going to do what we
do best but let's think of the different
opportunities don't don't just think
okay this is the way it's going to be we
need to be more openminded we need to be
more prepared if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
if you want to have your skull crushed
by the police give me a thumbs
down if you found the video informative
I know you'll find my book The Money GPS
even more informative I've taken this
complicated subject of finance and I've
made it very simple I've used charts and
diagrams that I've drawn up and it will
take this subject definitely make it
very easy for anyone to
learn go over to Amazon because they
have a look inside feature that's going
to allow you to flip through the pages
of the book and see if you like it take
care